hello 'youtube' friends today I bring you an analysis to the latest game of
sonic that is is the sonic sonic or that what I go sonic generations is
a videogame of platforms in development of the series are investigated
is currently being produced by sega and its launch is planned in
2011 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the birth of sonic
will be available on the xbox 360 pc playstation 3 platforms and one version
exclusive for nintendo 3ds
the argument is about a very different unknown enemy and that in
principle has little to do with the doctor herman shows up and causes the
appearance of time holes forcing sonic to travel back in the
time and causing a temporary distortion in the process that of placing
that past world
as a result sonic will meet his sonic 20 years ago classic
both must collaborate to defeat the mysterious enemy and repair this
disturbance in time
however the doctor is will also keep plans for the two injured and
will ally together with his ancestor the robotniknik doctor his same being of yesteryear
while at the same time they are allied with villains from the three different eras
As for the gameplay for the desktop consoles the game presents
levels based on 20 years of sonic history going through three eras
the era of mega drive the era of ancasti the current modern era
as for the nintendo 3ds version the levels will be based on the
stages two of the hera mega drive mixed with the edar en boí advance and
also the two commas 5 since the more modern era of nds
Each level can be played by the two versions of classic sonic sonic
classics or neither wanted nor modern modern sonic that will be the only characters
playable
both sonic will be playable on all levels but everyone will take their own
route
for high definition consoles the classic sonic levels will have
a strictly two-dimensional gameplay presenting a control
similar to the classic megadrive titles and movements of that era
as the spin attack makes them look good
sony modern however who on levels with sections in 3d and two commas
five of them similar to recent titles like sonic unleashed and sonic
colors
and it will count skills like him or mine tac attack drone and the sonic 2 that
boosted / accelerated the phases of the game as well as the final bosses
of phase will be inspired in the whole history of video games of sonic
appeared in the main consoles of desktop
those considered as videogames canon leaving aside the consoles of 8
bits and thorns
being entirely recreated and with musical themes remixed and restored
so far the only confirmed levels and final heads have been grimly
titonetes or georg level 1
ps3 xbox 360 time 3ds the one sucks connect are inverted 3
only final boss of phase 3 m3 ds if you escape zone of sonic adventure 2
ps3 xbox 360
Spain / Rostov Lanzone by Sonic Unleashed
the heads of the grin id and kate sites have not yet been confirmed
the only confirmed has been vicar
boss of the unt base in the version of the 3ds but something that is worth noting is that
in citi escape with classic sonic in the gameplay you see a sign that says
chaos inés pérez
2 perfect osses bat for revenge that translated is chaos in space 2 chaos
perfect has returned for revenge I dared that sega will be telling us hidden to mind
what chaos will come back
there is still time to know how to hold it
good, let's continue
it has not been confirmed if there will be more characters
but the ones we obviously will see for sure are metal sonic the ix useless
shadow and me good at least my would like to see them xd would also be
well they will add forgotten characters from old consoles like
metal meets I went to korn michetti radi i over siones of characters
current my final verdict and five-star ratings of five
because then many sonic fans simply love the idea of ​​going back to
play with the sonic that we all know and love as well as levels and themes
restored from this one so I recommend them a lot especially to the
followers of the sonic saga
good friends here finished my analysis since it is a very new game and not
There is a lot of information and there is also a special video in honor of the 20
years of good sonic history subscribe I know if you liked comment and
see you soon
there they look xd